
1) Impact due to non availability of Test environment of interfacing partners, cause delay in release/delivery life cycle
2) Test Environment not aligned to IT Management & security policy - Perform continuous compliance check and Remediation
3) Lack of environment Oversight eventually needs Some Clarity - Perform environments rationalization on certificate, license

1) A better understanding
2) Eventually needs some clarity
3) Advise of suitable time some
4) This in view of program and applications that we support
5)	Collaborate
6)	Significange of
7)	focuses on his mentioned expectation
8)	time to resolution and followup progressively
9)	owns the problem 
10)	Lack of environment OverSight
11)	not aligned to
12)	Impact due to non availability
13) Lack of environment Oversight eventually needs Some Clarity
13)	Coptinual compliance
14)	added Questions
15)	through the completion of inCidents
16)	need to be embellished a little
17)	augment the team with right skill
18)	I Would imagine that at preseht
19)	it has been concluded that the recertification 
20) hasn't moved in-spite(despite) of follow—ups
21)	I am contacting you in the event you can essist the Quality and Assurance team pertaining to the current applications 
22) If you are not the correct person I should be contacting, please let me know who I should be reaching out too
23) Thank your for your assistance, it is greatly appreciated.
24)	The issue is compounded as, some of BISO requirements
25)	Predominantly, we are observing regular misynderstanding
26)	Having long lead time delivery 
27)	In order, to help towards avoiding such delays from occuring going forward
28) let me know if you need any further information.
29) Further to our conversation of 15th June, I am writing to arrange a meeting for you with ..
30) Please note that i have attached draft contract for you to read and will send you the releated report as soon as it is complete.
31) I look forward to hearing from you
32) I'm looking forward to hearing what you think
33)I’d be happy to do a quick review of it on the phone and answer any pending questions.
34) Have you given any additional thought to my proposal?
35) I may be a month early, but I figured it’d be worth checking-in. 
36 ) I’ve tried to reach you a few times to go over suggestions on improving ___
37) “I am contacting you as…” or “I am writing to you in reference to/regarding…
38) I am afraid I will not be available to make it that day.

o Karthik has set the context
Q Kgrthik requested Neil to provide cönsulting support
O'Karthik has added that there is an agreemené between

My name is Karthik, as you may have heard, I have just been hired as the new technical consultant in release & deployment team(I will be taking the role of release and deployment manager starting 1st June.) I have 10+ years of experience in Java, ETL and related technologies and previsouly worked in Deutsche bank as Technology Manager. 

I am sending this email to introduce myself and share you my contact information. My email address is karthikeyan-erode.shanmugam@boa.com and extension is X7981

I´m enthusiastic about joining this team and look forward to having the opportunity to meet you all in person.

Please feel free to stop by my desk any time.
